_pages/about.md, before:

---
title: " "
header:
  overlay_image: /assets/images/white_mtns.JPG
  caption: "Mt. Adams, NH"
permalink: /about/
---

# About Me

<img src="{{ site.url }}/assets/images/hike_pic.JPG" width="50%" hspace="20" align="right">


I'm a New Englander at heart, growing up in Seacoast NH and getting my
Bachelors in Mechanical Engineering where I wrote my undergraduate thesis on
[efficient microstructure data representation][1].
Post graduation, I took a break[^fnote1], then worked as a
[Manufacturing Engineer][3] for several years. Math has always been my primary
passion, however, and I returned to school to get a doctorate in
[applied mathematics][4] at the University of Colorado, Boulder.

[^fnote1]: After graduating from UNH, I stayed at [L'Abri][2] in Huemoz, Switzerland, where I spent several months studying philosophy amidst community living in the Swiss Alps.

[1]: /assets/docs/senior_final_report.pdf

[2]: http://labri.org/

[3]: http://www.turbocam.com/

[4]: https://www.colorado.edu/amath/

Commit message:

Overhaul of website.
Added a blog section with pagination. New CV. Edited the Index page and About page. Updated Research Interests. Added the World Cup Project on the homepage instead of the MTConnect project. Deleted unnecessary files.

_pages/about.md, after:

---
title: " "
header:
  overlay_image: /assets/images/white_mtns.JPG
  caption: "Mt. Adams, NH"
permalink: /about/
---

My CV is [here][4] and Google Scholar page is [here][5].

# About Me

<img src="{{ site.url }}/assets/images/hike_pic.JPG" width="50%" hspace="20" align="right">

I'm a New Englander at heart; I grew up in Seacoast NH and got my Bachelors in Mechanical Engineering at the University of New Hampshire. Post graduation, I took a break[^fnote1], then worked as a [Manufacturing Engineer][2] for several years. Mathematics has always been my passion, however, so I returned to school to get a doctorate in [applied mathematics][3] at the University of Colorado, Boulder.

<img src="{{ site.url }}/assets/images/ramen.jpg" width="25%" hspace="20" align="left">

<img src="{{ site.url }}/assets/images/sand_dunes.jpg" width="25%" hspace="20" align="right">

I live with my wife, Shari, in Boulder, CO and in my free time, you can find me perfecting my homemade ramen recipe, reading, programming, engaging in philosophical discussions, or exploring the outdoors.

[^fnote1]: After graduating from UNH, I stayed at [L'Abri][1] in Huemoz, Switzerland, where I spent several months studying philosophy amidst community living in the Swiss Alps.

[1]: http://labri.org/

[2]: http://www.turbocam.com/

[3]: https://www.colorado.edu/amath/

[4]: /assets/docs/NLandry-Spring2019CV.pdf

[5]: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=7xLeZqMAAAAJ&hl=en
