_pages/publications.md, before:

---
layout: splash
header:
  overlay_image: /assets/images/typewriter.jpg
  caption: "Credit: [Deleece Cook](https://unsplash.com)"
permalink: /publications/
---

# Publications

## Articles

**Nicholas W. Landry**, Marko Knezevic, [*Delineation of First-Order Elastic Property Closures for Hexagonal Metals Using Fast Fourier Transforms*](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28793566), Materials, Volume 8, No. 9, September 2015, Pages 6326-6345

Marko Knezevic, **Nicholas W. Landry**, [*Procedures for reducing large datasets of crystal orientations using generalized spherical harmonics*](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0167663615001040), Mechanics of Materials, Volume 88, September 2015, Pages 73-86, ISSN 0167-6636

## Conference Papers

Marko Knezevic, Daniel J. Savage, **Nicholas W. Landry**, [*Towards Computationally Tractable Simulations of Metal Forming Processes With Evolving Microstructures*](http://proceedings.asmedigitalcollection.asme.org/proceeding.aspx?articleid=1914274), Proc. ASME. 45813; Volume 2: Processing, June 09, 2014, Paper No. MSEC2014-3984, pp. V002T02A070, doi:10.1115/MSEC2014-3984

## Presentations

Nicholas Landry, Invited Talk, Colorado chapter of Society of Young Network Scientists, February 2020

Nicholas Landry, [*Contagion on Complex Networks*](https://www.colorado.edu/amath/probably-novel), Radio, Season 3 Episode 13, Probably Novel at University of Colorado Boulder, February 2020

**Nicholas Landry**, Juan G. Restrepo, [*The effect of simplex and network degree distribution on simplicial contagion models*](/assets/docs/Dynamics Days 2020.pdf), Poster, Dynamics Days, January 2020, Hartford, CT

**Nicholas W. Landry**, Amy Lantrip, Jonathan Morris, *Improvisatory Elements of Teaching*, Workshop for the Graduate Teacher Program, University of Colorado Boulder, February 2019

Nicholas Landry, *So You Think You're Bad at Math*, Ignite Talk for the Graduate Teacher Program's Spring Conference, University of Colorado Boulder, January 2019

Nicholas W. Landry, [*Music Data Mining: Finding Structure in Song*](/assets/docs/Music Data Mining-StatOptML-06NOV18.pptx), Presentation for Statistics, Optimization, and Machine Learning Seminar, University of Colorado Boulder, Fall 2018

## Thesis

Nicholas W. Landry, [*Computationally Efficient Representation of Statistically Described Material Microstructure for Tractable Forming Simulations*](/assets/docs/senior_final_report.pdf), The University of New Hampshire, 2014.

Commit message:

added publications, experimenting with network visualizations

_pages/publications.md, after:

---
layout: splash
header:
  overlay_image: /assets/images/typewriter.jpg
  caption: "Credit: [Deleece Cook](https://unsplash.com)"
permalink: /publications/
---

# Publications

## Articles

**Nicholas W. Landry**, Marko Knezevic, [*Delineation of First-Order Elastic Property Closures for Hexagonal Metals Using Fast Fourier Transforms*](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28793566), Materials, Volume 8, No. 9, September 2015, Pages 6326-6345

Marko Knezevic, **Nicholas W. Landry**, [*Procedures for reducing large datasets of crystal orientations using generalized spherical harmonics*](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0167663615001040), Mechanics of Materials, Volume 88, September 2015, Pages 73-86, ISSN 0167-6636

## Conference Papers

Marko Knezevic, Daniel J. Savage, **Nicholas W. Landry**, [*Towards Computationally Tractable Simulations of Metal Forming Processes With Evolving Microstructures*](http://proceedings.asmedigitalcollection.asme.org/proceeding.aspx?articleid=1914274), Proc. ASME. 45813; Volume 2: Processing, June 09, 2014, Paper No. MSEC2014-3984, pp. V002T02A070, doi:10.1115/MSEC2014-3984

## Presentations

Nicholas Landry, *The effect of simplex and network degree distribution on explosive transitions in epidemic dynamics using simplicial contagion models*, Contributed Talk, Front Range Applied Mathematics Student Conference 2020, February 2020

Nicholas Landry, Invited Talk, Colorado chapter of Society of Young Network Scientists, February 2020

Nicholas Landry, [*Contagion on Complex Networks*](https://www.colorado.edu/amath/probably-novel), Radio, Season 3 Episode 13, Probably Novel at University of Colorado Boulder, February 2020

**Nicholas Landry**, Juan G. Restrepo, [*The effect of simplex and network degree distribution on simplicial contagion models*](/assets/docs/Dynamics Days 2020.pdf), Poster, Dynamics Days, January 2020, Hartford, CT

**Nicholas W. Landry**, Amy Lantrip, Jonathan Morris, *Improvisatory Elements of Teaching*, Workshop for the Graduate Teacher Program, University of Colorado Boulder, February 2019

Nicholas Landry, *So You Think You're Bad at Math*, Ignite Talk for the Graduate Teacher Program's Spring Conference, University of Colorado Boulder, January 2019

Nicholas W. Landry, [*Music Data Mining: Finding Structure in Song*](/assets/docs/Music Data Mining-StatOptML-06NOV18.pptx), Presentation for Statistics, Optimization, and Machine Learning Seminar, University of Colorado Boulder, Fall 2018

## Thesis

Nicholas W. Landry, [*Computationally Efficient Representation of Statistically Described Material Microstructure for Tractable Forming Simulations*](/assets/docs/senior_final_report.pdf), The University of New Hampshire, 2014.
