index.md, before:

---
title: "Nicholas Landry"
layout: splash
permalink: /
date: 2016-03-23T11:48:41-04:00
header:
  overlay_color: "#000"
  overlay_filter: "0"
  overlay_image: /assets/images/mike-scheid-639977-unsplash.jpg
  caption: "Credit: [**Mike Scheid**](www.unsplash.com)"

excerpt: "Mathematician, Engineer, Philosopher, Teacher"

intro:
  - excerpt: "I'm an applied math PhD student with a penchant for thinking
              about the &quot;why&quot; with a good grounding in common sense. I am
              analytical and like to see the bigger picture. I've worked in
              both academia and industry and am passionate about the next
              hard problem that comes my way. I love learning and my
              [portfolio](/portfolio/) shows some projects that I've worked on
              professionally, in research, and for fun."


feature_row:
  - image_path: assets/images/MTConnect-Logo.png
    alt: "MTConnect Dashboard"
    title: "MTConnect-Enabled Dashboard"
    excerpt: "Automated Tracking of CNC Machine Status"
    url: "/portfolio/mtconnect/"
    btn_label: "Read More"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
  - image_path: /assets/images/rock_mfcc_black.jpg
    alt: "Music"
    title: "Visualizing Music as Art"
    excerpt: "Spatial Visualization of Music from an Audio File"
    url: "/portfolio/music_structure/"
    btn_label: "Read More"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
  - image_path: /assets/images/msd.png
    alt: "Data Compaction for Metal Microstructures"
    title: "Data Compaction for Metal Microstructures"
    excerpt: "Using Spectral Methods to Efficiently Represent Microstructure Data"
    url: "/portfolio/microstructure_representation/"
    btn_label: "Read More"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
---

{% include feature_row id="intro" type="center" %}

<div style="margin-bottom:1cm" align="center"><font size="55">Selected Projects</font></div>

{% include feature_row %}

<div style="margin-bottom:1cm" align="center"><font size="55">About Me</font></div>


<img src="{{ site.url }}/assets/images/ramen.jpg" width="25%" hspace="20" align="left">

<img src="{{ site.url }}/assets/images/sand_dunes.jpg" width="25%" hspace="20" align="right">

Originally a New Englander, I live with my wife, Shari, in Boulder, CO. I'm a PhD student in Applied Mathematics and was originally a mechanical engineer. In my free time, you can find me perfecting my homemade ramen recipe, reading, programming, engaging in philosophical discussions, or exploring the outdoors. For more, see [About](/about/)

Commit message:

Overhaul of website.
Added a blog section with pagination. New CV. Edited the Index page and About page. Updated Research Interests. Added the World Cup Project on the homepage instead of the MTConnect project. Deleted unnecessary files.

index.md, after:

---
title: "Nicholas Landry"
layout: splash
permalink: /
date: 2016-03-23T11:48:41-04:00
header:
  overlay_color: "#000"
  overlay_filter: "0"
  overlay_image: /assets/images/mike-scheid-639977-unsplash.jpg
  caption: "Credit: [**Mike Scheid**](www.unsplash.com)"

#excerpt: "Mathematician, Engineer, Philosopher, Teacher"
#intro:
#  - excerpt: I’m an applied math PhD student with a penchant for thinking about the "why" with a good grounding in common sense. I am analytical and like to see the bigger picture. I’ve worked in both academia and industry and am passionate about the next hard problem that comes my way. I love learning and my portfolio shows some projects that I’ve worked on professionally, in research, and for fun.
#  - image_path: /assets/images/hike_pic.JPG


feature_row:
  - image_path: "assets/images/england_vs_usa.png"
    alt: "World Cup Passing Networks"
    title: "World Cup Passing Networks"
    excerpt: "Visualizing passes between players in soccer matches"
    url: "/portfolio/world_cup/"
    btn_label: "Read More"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
  - image_path: /assets/images/rock_mfcc_black.jpg
    alt: "Music"
    title: "Visualizing Music as Art"
    excerpt: "Spatial Visualization of Music from an Audio File"
    url: "/portfolio/music_structure/"
    btn_label: "Read More"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
  - image_path: /assets/images/msd.png
    alt: "Data Compaction for Metal Microstructures"
    title: "Data Compaction for Metal Microstructures"
    excerpt: "Using Spectral Methods to Efficiently Represent Microstructure Data"
    url: "/portfolio/microstructure_representation/"
    btn_label: "Read More"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
---

<img src="{{ site.url }}/assets/images/headshot1.jpg" width="20%" hspace="20" align="right" style="padding:15px">

I’m an applied mathematics PhD student with a penchant for thinking about the "why" with a good grounding in common sense. I am analytical and like to see the bigger picture. I’ve worked in both academia and industry and am passionate about the next hard problem that comes my way. My [portfolio](/portfolio/) is a collection of some projects that I’ve worked on personally, professionally, and academically. For more about me, visit [here](/about/). You can also take a look at my [blog](/blog/).

{% include feature_row id="intro" type="center" %}

<div style="margin-bottom:1cm" align="center"><font size="55">Selected Projects</font></div>

{% include feature_row %}
